but that we are preparing for Venice a beautiful woman is inaccurate in her
summer league silence
to support our is becoming clearer and programs that will also
of course the best time of the second session so special link to
my cousin we'll try we'll see what with eight essays to the people n
13 I hope he will win and good luck for the arms alexei miller this
last year many surveys our analyzes
the American cities
legal interest
the second time of the year in beauty a little milk
around 10 pm
tuesday france and greece
but there are also the players
are you going there is a resale of ambitions magazine
three were canceled on arrival and staff of these
it's the best dinner twelve months ago this is the best time but
it is surprising to say it's decision
if it's really the network we all know what it's capable of it just
to do what he knows how to do it is about to sign a first success
with italy who elect for optimists palestine she believes that the
old man of lights and syrte meanwhile is no longer the man and the
England
even if it is very difficult
the weekend
this series
today we must ask ourselves that what is new is that there is a
only the whole planet is behind me the young man died more
late he had won to arrange a trip to allow all these
passionate more beautiful to the planet
to come to attend his competitions and then come and support the champions
local we will say but also all the others will initially be two fan clubs
from that we have 90 people already read
but I think we see 200 200 members
it's okay it's democratization
and I could talk to him it happened and he told me he was in full
forest
he decided the planet the crisis went through there on Saturday night
he has the nymph who does not want
and news
j
for the the scc the evil sidwaya
it's the fourth in a row we're going to get used to but here at
every time it's the first time it was over several seasons
he is an assembe competitor
Simon proved himself the best in the world
that said there is something to laugh about
the next final stages
it's a real pleasure to own
in addition to this situation
the mission to save the roussillon world you have the contract of m
this season today we find ourselves here to identify you
brown